# Last Meeting's Review
- Talk about the Pseudo Haptics
# Current Progress
- Understand what is Pseudo Haptics
- Still reviewing the survey paper, with a focus on the spatially related section.
	- Pseudo-Haptics Survey: Human-Computer Interaction in Extended Reality and Teleoperation
	- 2024, IEEE Access
	- RUI XAVIER, JOSÉ LUíS SILVA, RODRIGO VENTURA (Member, IEEE),
	  AND JOAQUIM ARMANDO PIRES JORGE (Senior Member, IEEE)
# To-do
- Collect Papers and give a list to both professors.
# Feedback
- https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10458376/
- https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10049690/
- author website
- between, within subject
- VR vs AR
- physical pegs - haptics, virtual- vision
- 17cm - 18cm
- labortory
- one condition: no haptics - only virtual
- spatial updating research.
- angular offset between perceived and actual location.
- close loop and open loop, perception.
- depth and distance perception.
- research question 什麼時候要出來，如果summer要出的話
- Please read some papers on perceptuomotor calibration, depth perception, spatial updating, spatial localization, perception-action with avatars in XR (VR, AR, MR). You can collect some papers, and I can tell you if they are good reads to get some background on the problem.
- 不同的modality的交互作用，不同factors的交互作用
## 問steve的問題
- research question 什麼時候要出來
- 碩士畢業研究方向申請書
- 老師對畢業的要求
## 統整內容
- 上面的新的terms都要去了解
	- open, closed loop: open代表對於做的決策，沒有明確的回饋。closed代表有明確的回饋。
- 不同的modality的交互作用可以造就超多不同factors的交互作用
- 列 paper list
- 做場景、借ICT
---
- Definition: A perceptual illusion where visual and auditory stimuli create a sense of touch without physical force feedback.
- mass perception, stiffness perception, friction perception, and so on.
- Project
	- I focus the spatial problem from that project.
	- grisp two bottles on your two hands
	- displacement between the virtual hands and their original positions
	- compare the weight
		- The work finds that The greater the displacement, the heavier the mass feels
- C/D ratio
	- Speed ratio between the finger or the hand or the pointer, that is the control side, and the object or the virtual hand that is the display side.
	- Equal to 1, the speed of the display side will be the same as the control side.
	- greater than 1, the display side will be faster than the control side.
	- less than 1, 
	- salience