# This Week's To-do
- [x] 整理Babu老師的想法，必須要很懂在幹麻
- [ ] 針對不同的領域列出論文
- [ ] 到底什麼是Audio-Visual Spatial Localization(Perception)
	- 視聽覺刺激不一樣時，對於位置感知上有什麼影響？

---
# Report
## Review of the Meeting Before Last
- Investigating the Effects of Avatarization and Interaction Techniques on Near-field Mixed Reality Interactions with Physical Components
- Give Me a Hand: Improving the Effectiveness of Near-field Augmented Reality Interactions By Avatarizing Users’ End Effectors
## Current Progress
- No progress over the past two weeks
	- I apologize for having no progress over the past two weeks, because I still work so hard to adapt to the English research environment.
	- Reading papers, understanding feedback from you, give you my thoughts correctly,
- I just reviewed two papers from Rohith, Roshan
	- Give me a Hand
		- Core
			- 虛擬跟實體的空間中，
- 道歉文
	- English has been a pretty big challenge for me, so I often feel frustrated when reading papers or trying to keep up with conversations with you. I really want to do well in research, so honestly, it's been quite a bit of pressure. That’s why I tried to slow down a little this week and give myself some space to breathe. Therefore, my progress has been slower than usual. I hope you can understand, and thank you so much for always being patient with me when I speak English.
## To-do
- Continue to collect papers and ask Prof. Lin and Prof. Babu to confirm if they should be reviewed.
- Build a simple system related to the idea from Prof. Babu, and then play with it to get some insights.
- 
---
# Feedback
- 
---
