# Last Meeting's Review
- MR User Study and some terms related to PSE
- Four calibration papers
# Current Progress
- MR User Study
	- Experience
- Terms
	- Understand the definition of those terms
- Four calibration papers
	- still reading the calibration part
# To-do

---
- Why PSE...
	- First, give you a direct answer. There is no explanation in the paper talking about why the value is negative here. Instead, there are two features you can found in the figure.
	- In the paper, they talk about Stationary and Pursuing modes together because the head is relatively stationary to the visual stimuli in both of them.
	- One of the features is the value of PSE is close to the area occupied by the visual stimulus. It suggests that there is no spatial disparities in the perception of audio-visual stimuli in these conditions.
	- The other one is the width between DT25% and DT75% is narrow. That reveals the high sensitivity to slight misalignment in these conditions.
- MR User study
	- They filtered out 783 papers, resulting in 65 selected papers.
	- The publication year is from 2019 and 2023
	- The publication Venue is like here, including ISMAR, VRST, UIST, SUI, MOBILE HCI,  CHI, CHIPLAY, and the Journal of Human-Computer Interaction.
	- This paper use this user experience framework to categorize the papers they found.
		- There are three big categories, which are Interaction types, Experience types, and the context of use.
			- In interaction types, there are three little categories. 
				- First is fluent interaction, which refers to the interaction that don't compete for our attention; instead, they allow us to focus on the consequences of our activities or other matters. It also means the interaction is too natural that we can use it intuitively.
				- Second is cognitive interaction. These types of interactions can result in knowledge, or confusion and error if a product does not match anything in our past history of product use.
				- Third is expressive interaction. In expressive interaction users may change, modify, or personalize, investing effort in creating a better fit between person and product. That help user build a relationship to a product.
			- In experience types, there are three little categories.
				- First is Experience. It is continuous and uninterrupted thing. Like your daily life.
				- Second is An experience. That is the experience with a clear beginning and a clear ending. Like a concert.
				- Third is co-experience. It is the user experience about social context.  They are the experiences that are created together or shared with others.
			- Context of use
				- User: how people influence experience
				- product: how artifact influence experience
				- context of use: User-product interactions take place in a context of use, shaped by social, cultural  and organizational behavior patterns.
		- This paper summarizes that the number of the papers related to An experience is greater than those related to Experience, but this paper concludes that MR UX should work as the supporting tool, so they suggest researcher to research in Experience not just in An Experience.
		- And also because of the supporting tool, another thing is that Fluent Interaction is better than Cognitive Interaction.